doc: fast_pair: Document factory reset (#10179)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Changed the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_FAST_PAIR_BATTERY_DATA_MODE` Kconfig option (default value) to not include Fast Pair battery data in the Fast Pair advertising payload by default.

* :ref:`bt_fast_pair_readme` service:

>   * Added the :c:func:`bt_fast_pair_factory_reset` function to allow for clearing the Fast Pair storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added the :c:func:`bt_fast_pair_factory_reset` function to clear the Fast Pair storage.
```
